AG fans
here we have a brand new 2015 compass
limited this vehicle has been provided
for max truck ninety nine oh six to film
by Millers Chrysler Dodge Jeep and Ram
of Martinsburg West Virginia to check
out through other inventory feel free to
stop by their website at Miller's
Chrysler Jeep comm for other information
about Miller Chrysler Dodge Jeep and Ram
feel free to visit the description below
where you'll find information such as
their address and their telephone number
wrote keyless entry this one is wearing
a gray exterior as a chrome grille and
as alloy rims Goodyear tires they are to
1565 our 17s white lettering on the
outside of them
foglights with chrome outlining around
them rear privacy glass roof racks after
options and add-ons this one's priced at
thirty thousand eight hundred thirty
dollars with a base price of twenty
eight thousand one hundred ninety five
dollars has a CVT continuously variable
transmission and has a 2.4 liter
four-cylinder engine we have the gray
exterior with the dark grey leather
interior perforated leather in the
center rubber floor mats factory rubber
floor mats soft to the touch armrests
and insert brush chrome surrounding your
power windows locks and mirrors chrome
interior door handles chrome outline
around your circular ventilation ducts
power driver's seat
on the left side of the steering wheel
you have your Bluetooth and audio
controls over on the right you have your
cruise control brush chrome leather wrap
steering wheel with black stitching good
grip backup camera with guidance lines
low gear chrome top 2 your shifter
flashers in the center heated seat
controls in the center traction control
in the center and also a power outlet
down there in the center find the
controls audio controls up here brushed
chrome outlining around your shifter
Jeep grille engraved cupholders down
here in the center along with your
ebrake a couple of areas of storage and
your four-wheel drive center console
pull the tray for organization also a
power outlet down there
soft to the touch rear door panels just
like the front nice to mountain legroom
and the compass for a smaller vehicle
like this you're not cramped at all two
cupholders for the rear passengers
storage endorsed through the rear
passengers
chrome top here on your hatch handle and
chrome outlining on the outside of your
bumper guard
with the seats folded down you have a
nice smile on a cargo space and not too
bad of a cargo space with them up spare
tire underneath this cover here storage
area in the side
passenger side same situation and
legroom work here it's very comfortable
seating condition like good quality
field
front passenger side
manual passenger seat chrome Jeep
Compass brush chrome strip here above
your glovebox storage area there compass
owner's manual in the glove box still in
the shrink-wrap
let's go ahead and take a look under the
hood
under the hood you have jeeps 2.4 liter
variable valve timing 4-cylinder
and again that's fair to a CVT
continuously variable automatic
transmission let's go ahead and shut it
off and do one more quick walk-around of
it
so there you that's the startup tour and
review of this brand new 2015 Jeep
Compass Limited 4x4
thanks for watching check out my other
videos
you